= rack-cms, lightweight content management

rack-cms will work with any Rack-enabled application, and provides a lightweight and non-intrusive means of allowing people to make simple copy changes.

The premise is simple: apply a 'ctitle' attribute to any editable element. When an admin views the page, some javascript is embedded into the document and allows these elements to be edited inline. The admin can then update the copy and it's persisted. When a normal user views the same page, the ctitle attributes are stripped out and nothing additional is injected into the document.

An editable element:
  <h1 ctitle="Site Header">Default Title Here</h1>

rack-cms was heavily inspired by rack-bug


== TODOs

* Spruce up the embedded editor (JS)
* A bookmarklet to toggle between admin/viewer modes
* Security outside of the existence of a cookie
* Ability to manage more than just text (i.e. images)
* More backends (currently only Redis is supported)


== Example

 cd example
 rackup


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Brennan Dunn, We Are Titans. See LICENSE for details.
